people take hostages all over the world
sometimes it's purely terror other times
are simply about money we wait for a
contact they make a demand we start
negotiating this is what we do we do it
the world over am I very good at
we got a call from to Karla this one I
need you down there I'm some really bad
news it's about Peter this morning on
the way to work there was a barricade oh
my god may have ski masks and they had
guns my company is the designated K&R
consultant what is KN our kidnap and
ransom what happens now
this is a game it's a game you play with
you like it or not Peter's not a game
for you it's emotional the people
holding Peter it's a business the family
are gonna require proof of Peters still
alive
proof of life isn't it you never get a
pretty picture this is designed to shake
you up I have to get back to my wife why
stay here I'm gonna die I just can't
hoping
then spend that much time working on a
deal and kill you hostage and maybe
there are no more deals maybe this whole
thing is coming apart you stood in my
kitchen and told me my husband was
coming home I told you you'd have to
trust me and you said you could sauron
absolutely
are you in love with this woman
I don't know what you're holding out
hope for
you pull this off suddenly it's a
fairytale ending it doesn't work that
way and you know it